This place was beautiful! All the staff was very friendly and helpful. Even though we had a small issue with our room, they went above and beyond to make it right with us. We will definitely be back!!(5)
We were told everything was open so we came. Everything was not open (no shows, spa, gym, some restaurants). We just wish the folks there were up front so we did not spend money on airfare. We would have just come a different time.(1)
We understand about the CoVid 19 however your staff was not helpful very rude and also there where no room service, no maids to clean the room had to ask for towels no coffee maker in the room. We paid for resort fee and we could not use any amenties had to arguee with front desk to refund the fee. (1)
The hotel is very dated, its wrinkles in the rugs around the whole hotel were a reminder of how old and dated the hotel was. The stains in the hotel room rugs were disgusting. The lighting in the bathroom was very dim making it hard to apply my makeup. The makeup mirror was set too high up like for someone over 6 feet tall. There was a sauce cup in the corner and a piece of pizza crust in the hallway for 3 days and nobody picked it up. (1)
I got to the hotel at 12:30am on a Friday night/Saturday morning and had to wait 2 hours to get my luggage from the Bell Desk. This was not the first time either. I probably stayed at Paris 4 times in the last two years and I had to wait a long time to get my luggage. The excuses that they gave me was they are under staffed. What!!! Under staffed on the weekend!!! Also each time I gave them a bad survey and request for a phone call back and did I get a phone call back? Not once did I ever get a call back. Why ask for surveys when they don’t even read it.(1)
While staying at the Paris Hotel in a king suite during the Super Bowl weekend we were showering when my wife heard a noise by the door. She was in her panties and bra where she encountered a employee who just entered unannounced and stated he was doing a room safety check. She hollered what are you doing in here! He immediately left the room after she told him her husband was in the shower, He continued to knock on the door after seeing her dressed in her undies. at this point she came running to the shower to tell me what had just happened. i went immediately to the door and he was gone. I called the hotel manager and only got to speak to a supervisor, i explained what had just happened and told them that this was totally unacceptable and that mine and my wife's privacy had been severely violated. I demanded to talk to the hotel manager and was told he was not available I left my name and room number for him to call me and he NEVER DID!(1)
My room and accommodations were very comfortable and beautiful view of mountains and Las Vegas strip properties. I enjoyed the restaurants and shopping at many stores. People were all kind and helpful.(5)
We had a great time even though it was the last days right before the shut down of COVID-2019. The casino was very well taken care of with cleaning staff on top of their game wiping down all the machines and shutting down every other machine so that you didn't sit right next to each other. Was a great trip all in all considering!(5)
Very nice hotel, nice decor! Lovely room made up in the theme, comfy bed. Very nice breakfast , you will get a voucher per day to use at the cafe: fabulous croissants with ham and cheese, this cafe also serves very nice pizza. Our room looked out to the Bellagio hotel fountains. Great location and good service. We will be back!(5)
We recently stayed at the Paris hotel in Vegas and we had a great trip even during the escalating time of the corona virus pandemic. All of the employees were making policy changes and made us feel comfortable and safe. The rooms were well maintained and clean (unlike other rooms on the strip) as well as provided a great view of the tower and fountains across the street. Another huge plus was lack of cigarette smoke/smell reeking throughout the hotel/casino like other hotels nearby. This is an affordable hotel that provides a great atmosphere and great location on the strip. (5)
Best restaurants, casino, location and service on the strip!! Highly recommend Mon ami Gabi for breakfast ! And centrally located for shopping, day drinking, and walking the strip. Great room rates also!(5)
The room, the cleanliness, and it's well maintained. It's so easy to get in and out and the location is great on the strip. The casino isn't smokey and it's just beautiful. The food is good and has a good variety.(5)
Brandon, Kyle, Keith, Big Daddy and Noam at the main bar are amazing. They make every visit to Paris better! We travel to Vegas 3 or 4 times a year and always stay at Paris mainly because of the employees mentioned above.(5)
For a friendly drink and conversation, visit Gustav's Bar. Tommy, Zachary, James, Milo, Fernando, Caesar, Dino, and Gigi will take great care of you. Visit Hexx Restaraunt for breakfast or dinner and ask for Megan.(5)
Everything was clean and well kept. Great place to visit. Casino was full and vibrant. Definite must see place for anyone visiting the fabulous strip in Las Vegas! Staff was friendly and eager to assist!(5)
They took more money and gave us standard room with dirty sheets! They are thieves!! Please just pick another hotel in la ramblas which could be more clean and normal. They dont even have a manager! DONT CHOOSE HOTEL GAUDI! Unless you want to be gasped by the hotel!!!! (1)
There is no pool that is swimable on the roof. It is a bird bath. There is no bar on the roof as stated in their website. The roof area is tiny. This is an old hotel with no amenities. I suggest staying at a named 4 to 5 star hotel in BCN. I cannot say one thing positive. Breakfast was lacking for the money charged. The beds were old and everything smelled musty. We were given a standard room which was our first clue this hotel would be sub par for us. I do not recommend this hotel if you are used to Hiltons, Marriotts or Hyatts, etc. Could not wait to vacate after two days.(2)
Hotel poorly presented, staff not the lease friendly. Room very small and outdated bathroom with no ventilation at all. Area surrounding felt very unsafe even though position was handy to harbour and marina. ATM across road filthy and covered in grafitti. (2)
The worst nightshift ever. Was here on the 16-17/8 and these guys were literally the worst. Not helpful whatsoever and to top it off started yelling as well. Hospitality is unknown to these people. So arrogant.(1)
Squeaky and uncomfortable bed. Ridiculously loud AC. Internet speed that takes you back to 1998. - My stay in Barcelona suffered a lot because of the rooms questionable quality. Could barely sleep, and could barely work.(2)
Saw this in February 2020 it was ok but the park around it was lovely , the house shows you the history of Gaudi. we were too late to get a ticket for the larger park area so maybe beat to book in advance. (4)
Very good hotel!we stayed for 3 nights! Staff is very polite and helpful! it’s 1minute walk from la Rambla and metro stations! Also very clean and good breakfast! Recommend! Good price for the whole stay plus breakfast! (4)
Nice hotel near cruiseport and main shopping area, staff friendly on arrival as we checked in early. Beds are comfy , we stayed in room 419 and it has a lovely terrace, has toilet bath and bidet. I can only fault the rooms as they are not sound proof, you can hear doors and furniture being moved and heavy footsteps, however we plan on making this hotel our base when we come to barcelona. Will come again. (4)
This Hotel is convenient to La Ramblas..shopping and restaurants were just around the corner...the Hotel was clean and the staff was very accommodating..If you are cruising, the Port is not far away... (4)
The hotel is good and a great location , it’s basic , breakfast is good and worth the money . Staff are fab and helpful , my only complaint is the beds are so hard . Like sleeping on the floor . But by the 3rd night I was used to it xx. (4)
We felt the rooms were tiny, the beds were uncomfortable and the wifi was unreliable. The location of the hotel is great but they haven't done much to keep anything current. The shower changed temperature from hot to cold many times during a fairly short shower.(3)
The Hotel Gaudi was a great little hotel 100 meters away from the famous La Ramblas strip. Opposite to another Gaudi Museum... very handy. The hotel was clean,bright and the staff very friendly and helpful. Beds were comfortable and the dining room very airy and a great selection of breakfast food. I would definitely stay at the Gaudi Hotel again. (3)
Just back from a three day stay at the Gaudi hotel. Location was excellent, just off La Ramblas. Rooms small but adequate. Felt the room could have been cleaner. Dust on bedside lamps, bathroom sink had dirt around the plug hole rim. Shower curtain got in the way when showering. The shower gel and shampoo came in triangular pouches which were difficult to open. Breakfast was good with plenty of choice. (3) 
We loved this unique hotel. It is in a great location and has a wonderful rooftop terrace with a view of the city and the Gaudi art on top of the Palau Guell just across the street. The small bar was very good and as were their tapas. The breakfast room is lovely and offers a nice variety. I hope to go back there some day!(4)
Nice small hotel 2 mins walk of the side of las ramblas and 20 mins from harbour which is stunning. Hotel is spot less and has a beautiful rooftop pool and decking to watch the sunset over Barcelona. We had our belated honeymoon here at it was perfect.(4)